added Waveshare mini base board (#111)
geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices: _boards_cm/waveshare-cm4-io-base.md

---
layout: board
title: "Waveshare CM4 IO Base"

> short_description: A miniature baseboard with plenty IO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: A miniature baseboard with tons of IO, including an M.2 slot.
```

status: production
picture: "/images/CM4-IO-BASE-B-details-5.jpg"
github_issue: "https://github.com/geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices/issues/110"
link: https://www.waveshare.com/cm4-io-base-b.htm

> videos:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
videos: []
```

  
  
---

> This board has a 1 Gbps Ethernet port and features 2x MIPI-Camera connectors.It also has an M.2 E-key slot capable of using NVME SSD or other PCI-E peripherals. It has a full size HDMI port, a RTC, a FAN Port. It got 2x USB2.0 via USB Hub. The interfaces and formfactor makes it intersting for robotics applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This board has a 1 Gbps Ethernet port and features 2x MIPI-Camera connectors. It also has an M.2 E-key slot capable of using NVMe SSDs or other PCIe peripherals. It has a full size HDMI port, an RTC with battery backup, and a 4-pin fan connector with a fan controller. It also has 2x USB 2.0 ports and a built-in USB 2.0 hub.
```

> This board has a 1 Gbps Ethernet port and features 2x MIPI-Camera connectors.It also has an M.2 E-key slot capable of using NVME SSD or other PCI-E peripherals. It has a full size HDMI port, a RTC, a FAN Port. It got 2x USB2.0 via USB Hub. The interfaces and formfactor makes it intersting for robotics applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This board has a 1 Gbps Ethernet port and features 2x MIPI-Camera connectors. It also has an M.2 E-key slot capable of using NVMe SSDs or other PCIe peripherals. It has a full size HDMI port, an RTC with battery backup, and a 4-pin fan connector with a fan controller. It also has 2x USB 2.0 ports and a built-in USB 2.0 hub.
```
